welcome to ride the pine let's say
cheese well they're not the brightest
bulbs but they do have giant pink cats
last year's number one overall pick in
the NBA and current point guard for the
washington wizards john wall got a
chance to throw out the first pitch at a
washington nationals game as we wondered
whether a point guard can throw a
baseball he's a much better passer
between the lines on the heart oh he's a
much better passer between the what the
point guard can throw a baseball I just
struggle to understand how someone with
that much athletic ability can't make a
throwing motion he didn't need to throw
a strike he just needed to go 30 feet in
the air I mean come on can you imagine
being at a party with John Wall hey John
throwing me a beer I'll get it myself
nevermind I mean think about it john
just used to see motion that Coach Cal
use when you're 32 the key to the car
that you didn't pay for let me come on
I've never seen a worse opening pitch to
a baseball game ever
that was a lot worse Carl Lewis yeah
time for capture this in 320 and Ricky
Rubio is the most overhyped player in
the history of basketball ever you know
in two years the average six point two
five points in Spain Spain caption this
this episode of ride the pine is brought
to you by eastbay.com use these promo
codes on your screen save yourself some
cash and help support us here at ride
the pine come on East Bay is a place you
can use it for years I know i watch
everything you do on your computer like
the show use those code save yourself
some cash and help support us here and
ride the pine